at Liftmaster we're raising expectations
through the delivery of the next
generation of garage door openers and
accessories and Liftmaster is just made
setting up a new garage door opener
simple and easy in our new lineup of
openers setting the travel limits in
force is a simple 3-step process our new
garage door opener models feature
electronic travel limits and electronic
auto force setup rather than raising and
lowering the door multiple times you can
complete the travel and force
adjustments with the door or only going
up and down twice these settings are
stored electronically in the opener this
new system reduces the set-up time and
allows you to get to the next install
faster let me show you how this works
with the door closed begin the process
by pressing and holding the black
program button until the up arrow button
begins to flash or a beep is heard that
means we're ready to set the up travel
limits press and hold the up button to
raise the door
hold it until the door reaches the
desired up position if you let go and
the doors not where you want it you can
use both the up and down arrows to make
minor adjustments when the door is at
the correct up position release the UP
button and press and release the program
button the garage door opener lights
will flash twice and the down button
will begin to flash now you're ready to
set the down limit press and hold the
down button until the doors at the
desired down position
and then press and release the program
button the garage door opener lights
will flash twice and the UP button will
begin to flash now let's set the auto
force to do this takes one complete
cycle of the garage door press the UP
button to begin the four settings
the door will travel to the program to
up position and stop this electronic
auto force feature will make adjustments
every time it's cycling taking into
account whether aging of the door the
track and other changing door forces
this will reduce callbacks from your
customers to continually readjust the
force setting now that the door has
reached the up position press the down
button to complete the cycle the door
will travel to the program down limit
the programming is complete it's that
easy with lift masters new lineup of
garage door openers set up is quick and
easy lift master raising expectations